First docs for powdrvm (#1972)
powdr-labs/powdr: book/src/quick_start_vm.md

# Quick Start

First, create a new powdrVM project with

```console
cargo-powdr new my-host
```

> - Your new crate `my-host` is the host of the virtual machine's execution,

Author: The guest is inside the host just for easy organization, but its Cargo toml has a separate workspace so they're not compiled together. Sure, I can change the name, but I assumed host/guest is common enough in a VM context

and is responsible for preparing data and running the prover.

> - The `guest` crate in your new project contains the Rust code that will be proven.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `guest` crate in your new project contains the Rust code whose execution will be proven.
```
